recording welcome to the in web browsers
and I cliff escalating weekly sink cool
we have an agenda we have a ton she
lovely people so we're gonna start with
a round or what I done last week what I
would like to highlight to my fellow
teammates mighdal ye are at the top the
Bell
so may I open the flow team okay let's
let's go right so updates are in the
dock so I'll only highlight interesting
stuff I released a new version of its
ipfs it's a library for detecting
activist resources on the on websites
and it now supports multi other and also
additional validation of ipfs peer multi
others is there as well and another
release is new better off activist
companion finally with per site redirect
opt-out and small visual refresh of
browser action menu which we already
started improving even further
so if you are interested in our site
will recap tout it here and if you are
interested in what's next for IQs
companion UI we have this issue linked
there as well
which we continue to iterate some ideas
and there is a pull request or maybe
I'll just make a demo quick them off
this so this is ipfs website it's our
dog photo and here you can see we have
our site redirect opt-out
doing its magic so this is a first step
in
revamping the browser Action menu if
anyone has any opinions how we can make
it clearer how we can explain things
like pinning or how can we make more
obvious what are we actually copying all
those things are discussed in this issue
and I also created a bird's view of our
immigration to CID version one it's like
working progress in the first comment in
this meta meta issue there's a table in
which my goal is to track all all the
peers that are already shipped or
working progress or things that we need
to address and also like levels of like
complexity first students like ability
to add and get day time using see IDs in
base 42 then we want to be able to
retrieve so those basically done in both
go and Jas and there's like separate
topic of being ready to make a global
switch so here we see a lot of issues
that I don't already started on the J's
side there's also a lot of changes
related to block stir and DHT on the go
side it will get better over time it's
the first pass I did just to give us a
better understanding where we are and
what remains to be done without digging
into issues yeah Holly can you show us
the local again sure so the logo of
entire endeavor is here
and it's great yeah it's it's great and
I'm blocked on interesting issue with
discrepancy in web extension API is
between Firefox and Chrome basically web
request API is that we use for
redirecting ipfs resources from from
public gateway to local gateway Firefox
supports promises there so we are able
to do a lot of stuff a synchronously
chrome unfortunately does not so I'm not
able just to basically switch to a sync
function we probably will have to
refactor the way we do DNS lookups if we
want to move to a sync to run DNS link
lookup in a synchronous mode and why I
want to do this is because web browsers
display whirring if you do synchronous
requests from the main thread and it
also like slows down UI we do it very
rarely but it's still there so we want
to go away from that and my plan for
this week is to iterate with with
browser action action menu a little more
ship new better and then push it to the
stable channel so people there have this
parasite or opt out and nice UI toggles
and then get back to debugging getting
Jays idea first working in brief with
sockets api eyes and i think that's does
that I've I will stop showing help any
questions
you
no superdude Oh amateur base 30 T strike
force commander yeah can I go next all
right I need leaves early can I go next
as long as he blow our minds I will
attempt to please proceed
thank you okay
hmm oh we normally do a screen share
right it is customary discussed unless
you'd like to entertain us with your
eyebrows can you see that can you see my
screen see it with my great background
your background yep cool okay so I've
been working on JSI PFS I found an Oh No
multiple people reported issues with not
being able to find content when they
using JSI VFX and it is essentially it
essentially boils down to the fact that
the JSI PFS uses his concepts of preload
nodes where content is kind of slurped
up or slowed down from them they are
part of the bootstrap nodes that are in
your on as they are some of the default
default bootstrap nodes for JSI BFS and
they are go IDF s notice and what what I
saw happening and was that people were
connecting to them and they were
connecting fine that was okay but when
they were so there's this thing called
bit swap which is the way that I BFS
[Music]
exchanges information with other parties
and I could see messages for swaps
saying this is my want list this is the
list of see IDs that I want but it was
never getting back a reply from the
preload node even though the preload
nodes definitely had that content and
that was kind of annoying it meant that
a lot of people were not being not able
to exchange content it just stopped
working rather suddenly
and it was it just took me a while to
debug and figure it out and come up with
like a test case that was proving it and
it boiled down to the fact that there
were two preload nodes in existence with
the same pair ID and that was apparently
messing stuff around and that was
because of a failed deployment of some
from preload node and it's it didn't it
it was still running somehow so anyway
we can read it a bit more about it on
the issue if you like if you care for
that but anyway it works again now and
and I figured it out and so the issues
array and what else work so right now
I'm working on getting Jess IVFs Serie
35 released it is stalled a little bit
on a problem with said we've got new DHT
coming in that release it is the it has
been merged all the tests pass all the
interrupt tests pass but it isn't until
you to actually start running it for a
long period of time that you notice that
your IP FS node will start to use 100%
CPU and what certo BFS has never had to
order p2p has never had to deal with
before is like 3,000 connections in the
matter of a minute so it's just a of
kind of rate limiting or falling
connections and things that needs needs
to happen is the theory at the moment
and and once that's been resolved will
be able to release it there's a there's
a new are release candidate out and you
can have a go but at the moment it's not
stable and will crash after a little
while so annoying but it will be
resolved hopefully this week is top of
my priority list for now and so the
other thing that has been outstanding
for a long time that I just got around
to oh I did a lot of kind of sorting out
with the little tiny bits and pieces and
for this release one of the interesting
thing
is that there's some types of utility is
available on jet on JSI PFS once you've
created a node or a jet IV first node or
a HTTP client and you're able to access
like buffer multi adder CID and other
utilities like is is ipfs because it's
included in the bundle but you have to
create an instance before you start
using them and so this change moves them
off the instance and allows you to just
require those things without having to
do like new IP FS and then access them
from the instance so that's just a
convenience thing I've been doing loads
of interviews for for jeaious roles in
protocol I had one like Monday I have
someone just now I'm doing one tomorrow
so that's taking up a bunch of my time
and that's me next up I'll be debugging
this hundred CPU problem or helping Josh
go and Jacob do that at least and then
we want to actually do some more like
some manual testing to see if this DHT
thing even works it should do I mean
what about interrupt test say that it
does but we just want to have like a
session where we kind of try and get
stuff off each other and things like
that just to make sure and just you know
final checks like that because it's such
a big chunk of a big chunk of
functionality that has been in for so
long and it's it's brand-new so yeah we
want to make sure it's good before it
goes there and yeah if I have any more
time then I'll be working on the async
iterators endeavor have been doing that
for a long time and also work towards as
idle is saying the CID v1 base pretty
too as well and that's my week in web
browser / GUI news wow that's
mind-blowing any questions I'm excited
about the Odell 35 release it's gonna be
good it's gonna when it finally comes
down we think maybe do go already PR
and updated with UI for that if we
haven't done that we should definitely
do that yes I think that was the one
that got really good so now I think we
probably need to cut another release
pretty soon if there's a Patras well we
already have way yeah send me one yeah
okay we will update the existing one oh
cool
any other questions brother no questions
for Ellen okay let's move on did it that
uh next in the document order is Henry
alas he can't be here so I shall share
my screen and talk for a while
okay so I think probably the highlight
from and Rica's that we re in able a
dead and snack and opium package sports
so there was no dot seven releases of
desktops that said Linux is not
supported which was kind of our way of
saying there's lots of config options
and lots of ways that could go wrong
though we're not testing for so we
stopped doing the Linux package build
but that seemed draconian as a solution
so actually what we want to do is
encourage people to install these things
on Linux and tell us where they don't
work and help us fix them so there's
ladles careful guidance this still says
very large Linux is not officially void
which could probably dial down to please
help us make it better but the important
fact is you can now download at their
office I would expect to see more things
we've got an app image we've got a Deb
that's a good start
it doesn't quite match the list that has
claimed snaps and rpms but the point is
when we want them and they're coming
back and there's a Lisbon chapter of
protocol so that's exciting and any tool
a tool to download a hash from my DFS
falling
- an HTTP gateway sounds cool let's have
a quick look did i BFS or gateway it's
got an exciting kind of game show style
name so if you like downloading things
off HTTP or idea that's where possible
you should use MPX ipfs or gateway very
cool there's also a tool called NPM go I
give a step which allows you to go and
download to install go ipfs as a
dependency of your app and it pulls
things from Distaso it's been fixing
things there and next he's going to be
working on better nodes stateless
visualization and robustness for IVFs
desktop this is specifically the
situation that if you've run a desktop
mode for a long time or if you want to
go ipfs daemon for a long time that
trying to stop it can take a long time
there's a graceful shutdown where it
kind of times out connections closes
cleans up resources but I'm finding
certainly from my machine that it can
take 30 seconds a minute plus to
shutdown and for a desktop app when you
toggle a power button you kind of expect
it to do what you asked for and
certainly it's not good if there's no
way we can make it faster then the
desktop app needs to tell the user what
is happening so he's gonna be looking at
that we already have a UI pattern there
of showing additional information
like the size of your repo and the
number of connected peers so my
suggestion was as a starting point to
put a connection status like connecting
stopping stopped here it's just a quick
fix because right now if you stop it
sometimes it stops quickly but if it
doesn't stop then you have no idea
what's going on that's Henriques update
and then on to me I had a pretty slow
week this week mostly doing hundreds of
PRS to enroll our website deployment
processes and so having a huge amount
demo
although my proudest moment came last
night after midnight when I figured out
that the problem with proto school there
was a an open issue on proto school that
basically was framed in terms of I paled
the Explorer not loading and of course
that was a red rag to a bull
I peeled the Explorer is my baby and I
loved it but I got all these proto
school people telling me that it doesn't
work and what was happening so they were
completing a protocol lesson and part of
the lesson involves writing some code
that you use the dag API to put some
data into your local browser based Jo
smoke EFS node and then if you get the
lesson right and you do put the expected
data in they offers you a link to see
see your data on the IP of the Explorer
which is just a nice way of like showing
you that the Dayton created is reusable
and consumable by other applications so
it's a nice feature that it stopped
working because but the visible thing
was that the user was being told that
their code was correct and it passed
they were offered a link type of the
Explorer to go and visualize the data
they just created but then I could the
Explorers couldn't find the data they
just created and of course it looked
like a problem without gonna explore but
what was happening was the the JSI give
us node in protocol was running quite an
old version of Jessica birth and and
also was having something had gone wrong
with the bundling of JSI DFS such that
the node was not able to connect to any
nodes in the network so it wasn't able
to do the connection the connectivity
magic that is currently in place why the
preload node to share the content so the
content that you created in the lesson
was not accessible to another chair so
IP that's node even if it was running on
the same machine and the protocol
deliberately creates a unique IP FS
repository
when it boots up its embedded yes I'd
give us no to it so running a j-type if
I snowed in another it wasn't able to
see the same repository but the solution
that I came up with took way longer than
it should have and given the number of
files changed and I'd be interested to
get Hugo or anyone's take on this was I
just configured web pack to resolve ipfs
dependencies to the minified dist
version and I mean after two hours of
trying other web pack configuration
fixes this one worked flawlessly and
seemed to have the fewest side effects
so there's an open PRN protocol but Alan
or Hugo or do or anyone who cares about
web pack configurations in chair side
because bundling is that is there a
reasonable solution go all answer at
once
no no for the long run but if it works
now just merge it but we should we
should find another way just mention me
on I'll go there I'll find the link you
won't get any more 2d do you think by
using that so you understand that with a
bigger bundle zero mr. Diaz how I'm sure
he'd by said words that I am aware that
there are drawbacks to it yes I'm
interested in I still haven't figured
out why we can't just bundle it like why
does web pack not smart enough to
interpret the browser field of the JSI
DFS project now I did try adding in the
web pack conflict that explicitly tells
it to respect the browser's field and I
explicitly told it to transport ipfs but
I then still ran into yet more problems
and I know that Hugo has waded and Diogo
you've both waded through this
maybe six months ago with create recap
is there a like a quick answer to like
what is happening it's just that
bundling large J's IVFs projects that a
design for mode is still difficult it's
the nice latest version of this hearing
this is a hahaha this is a view and this
is a view service CLI oh there's an open
issue on JSI PFS for view bundling with
you okay cool I know about so we might
be able to solve two issues in one
stones I've at least got a it's not
beautiful but it works proposal which is
my special pieces from the user
perspective I will say it is beautiful
to be able to get actual theta that
helps you understand what just happened
instead of a spinner so I love it users
love working at all right it was like
I'll just do a little exploration oh I
can just see a little bit further to the
problem okay
oh no it's three hours later I did some
other stuff I'm really proud of to see I
stuff unnecessarily so because it's just
this admin work that I am ill qualified
to do but I love seeing little ipfs
website previews on POS so hideous
roadblock is because of Secrets
management circles the eye is like ah
but don't enable circle CI bells on open
source repositories from external
contributors like Forks both PR because
if you do you then run the risk of
exposing your secrets to anyone who
crafts and malicious see us and of
course I did all this works and then
Mike reminded I was trying to close out
a bunch of pull requests on the docs
ipfs Dario and people like Lydell how
does one ship or a quest moto can he
just merge in master feel that we can
get the previews and he did and we
didn't get the build because he is not a
member as the dock fight and it turns
out that we have a trakone ian policy
for membership of
as various repos like no one is a member
of half of the repo that they should be
so it's not even that external
contributors can't see these previews
it's that we can't see them either so
I'm now trying to come up with a fix for
that if you're interested in that
discussion
there's the CI config is is like the
same for all repos
it is currently yeah and so what's
interesting is the Dockers configured
split into two steps and the build step
is like whatever build you need for your
particular project and the deploy step
is basically the same for everybody know
I'm talking about the circle file thingy
I'm also talking about that so my
question is did you look into the or
thingy that supplies to centralize the
comfy lookout or it was too much trouble
I looked into it in as much as this that
would be a useful thing to pursue next
this was like get it working
in a way that's reusable and I think and
the orb solution might be the way to go
but I don't know if that solves anything
for us in terms of secret management no
I'm just saying that instead of like
having a file in each ripple we can just
use yours and activate for everything
I'm just asking it because we will
probably gonna need that because drive
is not going to be a solution
certainly the gist of it was you
basically just copy and paste this and
tweak it but that sounds like a use case
for an orb but if I make it an orb
there's still bits that you might want
to tweak so it's finding the right
balances like here's a common solution
that works for everyone this is actually
your thing but please do drop comments
on this particularly I want the smart
people to come up with a solution for
their share
there's an issue number for those people
listening on headphones number two on
Isis a shipyard Thank You Deena deploys
that is enough of my rambling Diogo how
are you doing
you owe me two need to stop sharing my
screen and you want to give up a
highlight
[Music]
yes yes my network is a bit flaky as
always
so last week the main yeah I did request
that it shouldn't be on them to the it
should be on the block because basically
we're using we were using reps to when
selecting files in the file list with
the keyboard using refs to then select
the checkbox to select multiple files I
made a request to stop using and
you're just telling off people in the
office so many girls it's not this is
not because react virtualized as
virtualized and merge this this is not
very interested we have an issue
suspect you guys reading about how like
Eric showing seconds so if you to a
channel next plane will be much to do
and I looking at vibrations can go
something like that and I found a idea
right and user to user good it's not I
made this initial reactor right and I
saw this it's not reactive in JavaScript
but I didn't probably try to make a memo
as you can see you click on something
and you have been overlaid explain to my
families using we are this is using this
is for a guided tour on
for example you get a model saying
hey this is a Status page and you have
certain steps showing what you can do
here you have a node info service and
information about next the bandwidth
network traffic and then you thing next
time you'll come here
interfere or to appear again you'll have
to go to the settings and enable it on
the files it's the same thing or at
least it should oh yeah I haven't
separated it the rush as you can see a
week we can do this is a so we can put
gifts or links or whatever inside for
example I know there's a lot of
technical terms in Yui so we can name a
few and just to reference them even to
go to the dogs or something like that I
think this has to be discussed
I just I'm I think did to go on the Yui
because why do you want to show here
he's what you can do on the web UI the
features that it helps and how to use
them so I think guided tours and I have
the best but if you guys have any
suggestion about this please go to that
issue and write and I hope this is a an
open for advice if you have some
feedback the copy and and the styling is
not final but if you have feedback about
this please share share it this basic
way is the same we go through the
features of the page the bread front
then you follow get dropped down and the
five whisks and that's it the next step
what I haven't done about to the
Explorium the beers because this is just
demo
Seifer and a good way and if it is a
continuing to make this to the regular
page oh yeah and where this is did we
can have like tips around the page to
point the user where he can click to see
info so if you don't want together
George we can place these kind of things
on the page to so the other can we can
see what I was thinking I made a comment
here I was thinking of how how should we
enable or disable the tours
one solution was to pull back in the
second
as I was saying my network is slow this
is very slow
ok one one way is to have like something
like this as we have in the analytics
under settings we have a checkbox
showing all the tours and when we go to
the status it it will disable this one
because right and if you want to do
there well everything you just entered
setting
no this is just a suggestion another
suggestion is we go it's for example
here ever where we have the status we
can can help them kind of of an icon
within or something like that but when
you click with enable the tour for each
page I don't know it's just another
suggestion but the settings one because
this is too intrusive because I think
brand the the guy had a tour one time
you probably want don't want to use it
again and having that I can always here
I don't like it but yeah that's it
and then I'm probably going to find
something like this to make a demo this
would be cool with the the info here I
have something like this way and we'll
click in set up a guided tour you will
have just any information like this I
think it's asking I think it's a good
idea to have a clearly labeled help
button or help icon that is always
available
you wouldn't don't think that's - it's
not too much I think it's useful it's
probably easier to just give people and
opt-in just just running again give me
the give me the help again one thing
that I'm the count me user interface
does is like there's a help toggle then
it shows help mark that it had a toggle
to turn the health markers on and off so
that the use case with like I need help
too and help on and then it's like these
things have helped but I don't know if
that is a saying out loud oh yes I'm
particularly experienced
where would that goggle be the seconds I
would make it I'd put it in the navbar
the top bar if it's gonna be that way I
did thinking about those bits because
that's that's the thought that's been
brewing in my mind which is coming up
with a pattern where you can easily
access this without it being too
obtrusive in a way so if we can find a
way it could be on hover when you're
over the element if we are always gonna
have hover modes and this is a desktop
app after all so I suppose we could at
least allow that to be the case so then
yeah those are all things to appear next
to the the header elements perhaps but
yeah I think I just got some visuals
that that's a bigger challenge
yeah I agree that it shouldn't be
exclusively buried and so I didn't say
like the idea of having something as
you're looking at the site that's always
an option to toggle on for example this
is the perfect example we're going back
to analytics Tory for events and
understanding how many times people
press the help for each item to
understand like okay this may need to
define this a little bit further I think
there's also potentially a content thing
where it's one thing to say like this
part of the page lets you see the list
of peers but what if I don't know why I
should care about a list of peers like
there's a lot of stuff when I look at
these sites I'm like why do I care about
this like what it okay I understand a
solicitor's but so what and how how in
deaths do you want to get in that which
these descriptors or go out to some
clear description elsewhere but I was
definitely personally I would err on the
side of more mmm asking for help
absolutely yeah I think I strongly agree
like I want this to find a visiting it
as like two layers of like here's some
quick intro help like one paragraph is
like here's what this does and if that
doesn't help you then like his more like
tears are like what the peer why am i
connected to fermenting for nuns and why
have they got like these crazy peer IDs
and there's like a whole stream of
consciousness like here's everything we
got and then is the link to the
proto school training at camp
why you should care about their IDs
yeah and I'm happy if you if you decide
to handle it that way and you might help
generating the legs help
what does a beginner not know right now
like what are they confused about I can
help lots of them super confused great
state are way but not forever how how
should I proceed like this I think you
are proceeding well and I think the
things are going to be really helpful
generating this Google Doc that starts
to capture the things that we think need
help it's one thing so it's useful for
you to do the UI proposals so if you
could also kick off the document that
that we can all contribute to to think
here's the things that we think need
explaining and here's where we think
like these are the sorts of topics of
health's that we imagine a shared Google
so that we can still start playing
content and would be really great and
that would be something that terry terry
could definitely like guide us on as
well once we do the skeleton
he can also be like none of this helps
me understand
would you be like finally you explained
it jesus took me so long
yeah okay but what about so are you guys
in favor of having like a guy that do
and kind of a glossary another type of
hell I'm I'm in favor of putting a pin
in the guided tool style I'd like to see
a shot in style although I think that's
going to be pretty similar and I'd like
to leap back with Chris and with Eric
I'm just like get some more thoughts
from them about the user experience and
look and feel of this yeah all right
I'll pick up the document and we can
discussing thanks so much
all right and we're close to time due to
along a lengthy preamble in this cool
[Music]
hero do you want to drop a date or no
wait it's Terry Terry you wanna add
anything once
the old Nippon
that's talking but there's nothing like
the excitement of being next up to help
them meet but yeah okay so the file
stuff I'm working on we're still just
like figuring out the UI that's gonna
work but we're making some progress so
our file drop now it's like is built to
not deal with folder uploads to avoid
some problems which will wait and see
how the content plays out with there we
need to build that back in in which case
I'll be coming back here for help and
the thing that its new is when I was
trying to do the validation I wanted to
set it up so I could tell what my the
problem was with the upload or with the
code and I decided that was too much
work so I did this always open to
feedback there and you can find a link
to the open PR I don't
ok and then this is something I would
like to ask for your help with you can
find this link in the document I am
trying to work on a protocol roadmap and
the con which will include other stuff
but it will partially include like what
are the tutorials we need to build and I
have dropped issues in the various
project teams reboots asking for those
ideas particularly Holly as your meeting
about ok ours and may be a good time to
talk about what is coming up in your
roadmap what are the priorities you have
then what content in produce will format
would be helpful there or like the links
we build in from one place to another
any of that stuff so feel free to drop
it drop ideas here and I'll merge it
with input from the other teams and one
of the things we will do with this
information
is figure out how much work teams have
in mind the more I can get documentation
of teams meeting things the more power
we have to potentially hire people so we
can have content come faster
so please do feel free to throw lots of
ideas
that's it
cool thank you very much I mean when it
is a web UI walkthrough tutorial
reasonable content for proto school or
is that something like seems because
protocol he already has like the notion
of non-coding challenges just like here
is a series of lessons in words yeah
we've done some work out exercises well
let's talk a little more later or drop
an idea in about specifically like the
format you have in my like it feels like
maybe it's not a great fit first so be
yeah we should definitely talk about the
other thing were thinking about adding
to proto school is at the end of each
tutorial there would be a page of links
out to more materials so if there's a
material that doesn't fit that format
well but it's like so let's say that at
the end of this file tutorial it's like
learn more about working with files so
here's an example of what you could
build with this and it goes to the web
UI our sheriffing or whatever that's
another place we can make some
connections yeah yeah sure cool all
right moving on Hugo you want to give it
a holiday
it will also meet it
okay so I'll be doing a lot of bonuses
stuff getting some flower dependencies
to upgrade to really post entry
like VL tower stream concat stuff like
that also a little bit of debugging on
the windows issue running the tests this
is related to Travis basically the VM is
not set up properly so the test on bran
yeah we still stuck with it I took the
bug issue this already came up a couple
of times we need to figure out a way to
solve this this is ready to as we use
commodious
basically we require stuff but some of
our dependencies already are using es
modules basically in some environments
like electron and stuff like that where
webpack is used instead of prioritizing
the browser property on the package
jason they prioritize the module
property so they use the es module
version so the defaulting imports and
exports don't work the same way between
common GTA's nes modules and that get
get get just to some issues on those
platforms we need to figure out a way to
fix this this one specifically is is
about the big number JS package that's
an easy one because the common J's
fortune and es module version are well
done so we can with one solution fix
everything and make
work in every platform but some of the
some packages don't are as well written
as this one so it's going to be a little
bit harder but I'll get there sometime
in the future I did a priority list for
the sync iterate this endeavor basically
I went through all the repos and find
find out which ones who were like be
zeros meaning they don't depend on any
of our other ripples then I went to the
peach pea ones that depend on P zeros
and after the peaches and after that P
threes and plus are not like specified
here i just put their p3 plus so because
it's not worth the time to go through
them now we just need to finish p0 s and
P ones and peaches and basically release
avulsion with async/await or sync
traders and make sure everything works
and if we need to like go back and fix
something on the callback version we
should like bump the previous version
and stick with the sync weights on like
a major or minor at least there's also
some bug fixing on the Karma
maka tests they were not using the same
time out as the maka like node maka
tests so now they do
this is prototyping for the companion
ipfs companion we already talked about
that
and finally got to fix it fixing the
product proper log file sleep issue
that's basically done I just need to
make make the P R
is Alan still here no yeah I'll talk
with him later but yeah that's basically
fixed hopefully we'll be released as
soon as possible I also found out this
issue about electron hopefully you all
er Axius can have a look basically this
guy is saying that's running inside
electron this syntax basically objects
fred is not like supported which as I
think it should but I don't actually
know electron enough but I just said to
him that you guys will probably have
some more insights so if you can please
look at into it and give us some more
ideas about this hopefully we will not
need to like rewrite this with object
design because this is like valid jsow
but yeah I don't know enough about
electron to solve this stuff next I'll
be finishing up the window size for
quests and also I think await and I
think it's raitis for requests and
that's it I will take a look at the
electron thing I'll talk about it
alright Christy you want to share
anything absolutely it's time to
contribute on these calls and the rest
I mean let me share my desktop for the
get over okay well we'll start with this
one while it's up so obviously the
discussions around the obtrusive
countries at Health System I've been
going ahead
I really like the ideas coming out this
and absolutely prototype that has been
mocked up I've been thinking about how
we could also potentially capture some
more user feedback
and one of those would be a secondary
layer of input from users which
potentially via using a chat widget of
some sort I believe there's some other
conversations around this court that we
need to capture our thoughts so I'd like
to get is some opinions and ideas down
on this issue so essentially just to
give some context it wouldn't be a help
system that potentially would be around
all the time we will be more of a
on-demand chat system that will be
available when one of us is on support
duties so we've got a direct call to
action to get some input from from
potential users of the web UI and then
use some of that to help refine their
discuss future iterations of the of the
interface and it's a rough idea right
now but its kind of output some
suggestions and ideas around how this
has been done with other products and
and clients and some potential partners
that we could use because it'll be an
embedded widget
I don't expect us to build this one
ourselves and then just to give a loop
around what I'll be working on within
the next iteration will be reacting with
a library so taking some of the pieces
from the existing apps and basically
placing them into a centralized
component library that we can then
recycle and reuse across what we consume
across our apps and so the first one
will be looking at the IP LD Explorer
Ally and I went over this in detail this
morning and figuring out how we can do
that create pattern for having
internationalization built in as well
and have those components reusable
across all of our interfaces and
products that we build starting without
FS but potentially bigger and a notice
with the type of time there's just one
more thing which is we actually
announced the ipfs camp of last week so
that is happening on June 27 to 30 earth
in Barcelona please apply no you don't
need to but share with your friends
we'll be iterating on this site as of as
weeks go on so we'll be going a full
schedule planned out and and yeah
basically adding of all more feedback to
it so if you've got any ideas around and
what you'd like to see or if it doesn't
work on your phone or something please
let me know you know where to find me
and that's it
any ideas any feedback are you yeah are
you also planning on documenting your
non reactive ways stuff for ya the
component tends to stuff potentially
longer-term I think initially we need to
hit some some use cases for our own apps
so I would say that this has to be the
ultimate aim will be that yes we can
consumers in different ways or with
different libraries but the initial
sketch of this we'll be using or moving
or porting the versions of what we
already have scattered across the
products so there's like a - a two-phase
release to this v1 will be just moving
the furniture making sure everything
works and is a bit more accessible for
everybody and then the second part of
that will be creating a design system
around that that will then help set the
tone for how we could consume that
across PL and obviously then people are
going to have different opinions and
expectations of what they would like to
use and that's that's completely valid
so we want to widen our discussion up
but it's gonna take some time to figure
out exactly how we can do that for basic
interfaces and components that are just
going to be presentational so not too
interactive then that will be easier
because it'll mostly just be static HTML
and a set of classes but anything that
starts to consume data or have
interaction then it gets difficult cuz
we might need to have alternative
versions I can view like your version
than a react version but with the
release of storybook 5 which was
coincide very nicely with this the that
also consumes different versions of user
interface libraries like view so we can
actually side-by-side show an angular
version a view version and a react
version all with inside the same
storybook which will be a nice value add
I think it's um just to kind of
reiterate the step one is to take a
bunch of components that we already use
in webview
and we've got some duplicates in share
files or things that do similar UI
things so we're going to be making a
photo library that just means we can be
used little things but it's very
important to me personally that all of
the simple components those Chris that
like the presentational ones that don't
have interactivity that we have some
good documentation that lets people
using other libraries like copy and
paste some HTML Network like where there
are lots of if we were less of an
open-source sprawling non hierarchical
organization we might be a bit more like
super unless you these react components
so that we can control rollout of new
iterations with the devices them but
that isn't as protocol is rightfully
like diverging and finding its own facts
by having like good basics that using
copy and paste I think is definitely one
of my goals for this and then in ten
years time one can massively reserve
that's when everything is chaos but I
think why is it like in this sort of
stems from my belief that like tachyons
is like the right level of publishing a
basic design system that allows
distributed creativity that still has
harmony without the teams having to
coordinate you know tachyons has been
very helpful when I like eventually I
figured out how to copy elements from
the browser inspector since I have no
idea where the HTML is in react yet and
that was and recognizing it classes once
I stole it was very helpful super cool
it's really good to hear of one slight
aside on that with the tachyons thing
we've obviously got the baseline flavor
this ipfs styled and then there'll be
some customization on top so it's part
of the exploration of working on the
ipfs camp site i've basically built a an
augmenting class modifier so you can
basically put in your theme variables
and then it will output and change
things in in real times if you wanted to
have a different flavor to it slightly
there's just more the theme colors then
you see you still get the harmony of
what Ollie was saying all that the
system underneath with the typography
and things but then you want to have a
slight different variation on that you
can do that with ease because right now
it's quite difficult to just include
ipfs CSS is kind of they baked into lose
so and yeah we will be experimenting
with ways of doing that and hopefully
set some patterns down excited super
cool um unless there is any other
business we arrest
quarter past the hour very everyone such
a big old cool hero he's not happy with
that you've got things things to do
people to see let me just do a chair
there's nothing by all no one's out of
anything massively important okay I
think we are good you can have your life
back
in another in web browsers and I do miss
GUI team weekly think call thank you
very much for joining us and see you
there